docs(backend): document backend support and workflows (#5929)
deepmodeling/deepmd-kit: doc/train/training.md

:::{tab-item} TensorFlow {{ tensorflow_icon }}

```bash
dp --tf train input.json
```
:::

:::{tab-item} TensorFlow 2 {{ tensorflow_icon }}

```bash
dp --tf2 train input.json
```
:::

:::{tab-item} PyTorch {{ pytorch_icon }}

```bash
dp --pt train input.json
```
:::

:::{tab-item} PyTorch-Exportable {{ pytorch_icon }}

```bash
dp --pt-expt train input.json
```
:::

:::{tab-item} Paddle {{ paddle_icon }}

```bash
# Training model
dp --pd train input.json

# [experimental] training models with the CINN compiler (~40%+ speedup)
# see: https://www.paddlepaddle.org.cn/documentation/docs/zh/develop/guides/paddle_v3_features/cinn_cn.html
# If the batch input shapes are dynamic during training (the default).
CINN=1 dp --pd train input.json
# If the batch input shapes are fixed during training, e.g. examples/water.
CINN=1 CINN_ALLOW_DYNAMIC_SHAPE=0 dp --pd train input.json
```
:::

:::{tab-item} JAX {{ jax_icon }}

```bash
dp --jax train input.json
```

> JAX training, introduced after DeePMD-kit v3.1.3, writes checkpoints with the

Author: ```suggestion
JAX training, introduced in v3.2.0, writes checkpoints with the
```

Author: Applied in f9c46aa23: the JAX training text now says it was introduced in DeePMD-kit v3.2.0.

Coding agent: Codex
Codex version: codex-cli 0.144.6
Model: gpt-5.6-sol
Reasoning effort: xhigh
